TABLE OF CONTENTS

  1. Definitions used in this Policy

  2. Data protection principles we follow

  3. What rights you have regarding your Personal Data

  4. What personal data we collect about you

  5. How we use your personal data

  6. Who else has access to your Personal Data

  7. How we protect your data

  8. Information about cookies

  9. Contact information

  DEFINITIONS

 Personal data: any information related to an identified or identifiable natural person.

 Processing: any operation or set of operations that is performed on Personal Data or sets of Personal Data.

 Data subject: a natural person whose personal data is processed.

 Child: a natural person under the age of 16.

 We/we (either capitalized or not) –

 DATA PROTECTION PRINCIPLES

 We are committed to adhering to the following data protection principles:

 The processing is lawful, fair, transparent.  Our processing activities have legal grounds.  We always consider your rights before Processing Personal Data.  We will provide you with information about the Processing if you request it.

 The treatment is limited to the purpose.  Our processing activities are consistent with the purpose for which the personal data was collected.

 Processing is done with minimal data.  We only collect and process the minimum amount of personal data necessary for any purpose.

 Processing is limited for a period of time.  We will not store your personal data for longer than necessary.

 We will do our best to ensure the accuracy of the data.

 We will do everything possible to guarantee the integrity and confidentiality of the data.

 RIGHTS OF THE DATA HOLDER

 The Interested Party has the following rights:

 Right to information: which means that you have the right to know if your Personal Data is being processed;  what data is collected, where it is obtained and why and who processes it.

 Right of access: which means that you have the right to access data collected from/about you.  This includes your right to request and obtain a copy of your Personal Data collected.

 Right of rectification: which means that you have the right to request the rectification or deletion of your Personal Data that is inaccurate or incomplete.

 Right of deletion: which means that, in certain circumstances, you can request that your personal data be deleted from our records.

 Right to restrict processing: Where certain conditions apply, you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data.

 Right to object to processing – meaning that in certain cases you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data, for example in the case of direct marketing.

 Right to object to automated processing, which means you have the right to object to automated processing, including profiling;  and no longer be the subject of a decision based solely on automated Processing.  You can exercise this right whenever there is a result of the elaboration of the profile that produces legal effects that affect you or significantly affect you.

 Right to data portability: You have the right to obtain your Personal Data in a machine-readable format or, if feasible, as a direct transfer from one Processor to another.

 Right to make a complaint: In the event that we deny your request under the Access Rights, we will provide you with a reason why.  If you are not satisfied with the way your request has been handled, please contact us.

 Right to help from the supervisory authority: which means that you have the right to the help of a supervisory authority and the right to other legal remedies, such as claiming damages.

 Right to withdraw consent: You have the right to withdraw any consent given for the processing of your personal data.

  DATA WE COLLECT

 Information you have provided to us

 This could be your email address, name, billing address, home address, etc., mainly information that is necessary to deliver a product/service to you or to improve your customer experience with us.  We save the information you provide to us so that you can comment or perform other activities on the website.  This information includes, for example, your name and email address.

 Information Automatically Collected About You

 This includes information that is automatically stored by cookies and other session tools.  For example, your shopping cart information, your IP address, your purchase history (if any), etc.  This information is used to improve your customer experience.  When you use our services or view the contents of our website, your activities may be recorded.

 Information from our partners

 We collect information from our trusted partners with confirmation that they have legal grounds to share that information with us.  This is information that you have provided directly to them or that they have collected about you for other legal reasons.

 Publicly available information

 We may collect information about you that is publicly available.

 HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA

 We use your personal data to:

 provide you with our service.  This includes, for example, registering your account;  provide you with other products and services that you have requested;  provide you with promotional items at your request and communicate with you in relation to those products and services;  communicate and interact with you;  and notify you of changes to any services.

 Improve your customer experience;

 Fulfill an obligation under law or contract;

 We use your personal data for legitimate reasons and/or with your consent.

 On the basis of entering into a contract or fulfilling contractual obligations, we process your Personal Data for the following purposes:

 To identify you;

 To provide you with a service or to send/offer you a product;

 To communicate either for sales or billing;

 On the basis of legitimate interest, we process your personal data for the following purposes:

 To send you personalized offers* (from us and/or our carefully selected partners);

 Manage and analyze our customer base (purchasing behavior and history) to improve the quality, variety and availability of products/services offered/provided;

 Carry out questionnaires on customer satisfaction;

 Until you have informed us otherwise, we consider offering you products/services that are similar or the same as your purchasing history/browsing behavior to be in our legitimate interest.

 With your consent we process your Personal Data for the following purposes:

 To send you newsletters and campaign offers (from us and/or our carefully selected partners);

 For other purposes for which we have asked your consent;

 We process your Personal Data to comply with the obligations arising from the law and/or use your Personal Data for the options provided by law.  We reserve the right to anonymize the Personal Data collected and to use such data.  We will use data outside the scope of this Policy only when it is anonymous.  We keep your billing information and other information collected about you for as long as is necessary for accounting purposes or other obligations arising from the law.

 We may process your Personal Data for additional purposes not mentioned here, but which are compatible with the original purpose for which the data was collected.  To do this, we will ensure that:

 The link between the purposes, the context and the nature of the Personal Data is suitable for further Processing;

 Further Processing would not harm your interests and there would be an adequate safeguard for the Processing.

 We will inform you of any additional Processing and purposes.

 WHO ELSE CAN ACCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA

 We do not share your Personal Data with strangers.  In some cases, personal data about you is provided to our trusted partners to enable them to provide you with the service or to improve your customer experience.

 We only work with processing partners who can ensure an adequate level of protection for your personal data.  We disclose your Personal Data to third parties or public officials when we are legally required to do so.  We may disclose your Personal Data to third parties if you have consented or if there are other legal reasons for it.

 HOW WE PROTECT YOUR DATA

 We do our best to keep your personal data secure.  We use secure protocols for communication and data transfer (such as HTTPS).  We use anonymization and pseudonymization where appropriate.  We monitor our systems for potential vulnerabilities and attacks.

 Although we do our best, we cannot guarantee the security of the information.  However, we promise to notify the proper authorities of data breaches.  We will also notify you if there is a threat to your rights or interests.  We will do everything reasonably possible to prevent security breaches and to assist authorities in the event of breaches.

 If you have an account with us, please note that you must keep your username and password secret.

 KIDS

 We do not intend to collect or knowingly collect information from children.  We do not target children with our services.

 COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES WE USE

 We use cookies and/or similar technologies to analyze customer behavior, administer the website, track user movements, and collect information about users.  This is done for the purpose of personalizing and improving your experience with us.

 A cookie is a small text file stored on your computer.  Cookies store information that is used to help the sites work.  Only we can access the cookies created by our website.  You can control your cookies at the browser level.  Choosing to disable cookies may make it difficult to use certain features.

 We use cookies for the following purposes:

 Necessary cookies: These cookies are necessary for you to be able to use some important features of our website, such as logging in.  These cookies do not collect any personal information.

 Functionality Cookies: These cookies provide functionality that makes the use of our service more convenient and allows us to provide more personalized functions.  For example, they can remember your name and email on comment forms so you don't have to re-enter this information the next time you comment.

 Analytics cookies: These cookies are used to track the use and performance of our website and services.

 Advertising cookies: These cookies are used to deliver advertisements that are relevant to you and your interests.  In addition, they are used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement.  They are usually placed on the website by advertising networks with the permission of the website operator.  These cookies remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organizations such as advertisers.  Often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organization.

 You can delete cookies stored on your computer through your browser settings.  Alternatively, you can control some third party cookies by using a privacy enhancement platform such as optout.aboutads.info or youronlinechoices.com.  To learn more about cookies, visit allaboutcookies.org.

 We use Google Analytics to measure traffic on our website.  Google has its own privacy policy which you can review here.  If you wish to opt out of Google Analytics tracking, please visit the Google Analytics opt-out page.

  CONTACT INFORMATION

  Vikilatina21@gmail.com
